Add Documentation for AGS (#4711)
microsoft/autogen: python/packages/autogen-core/docs/src/user-guide/autogenstudio-user-guide/usage.md

---
myst:
  html_meta:
    "description lang=en": |
      Usage for AutoGen Studio - A low code tool for building and debugging multi-agent systems
---

# Usage

The expected usage behavior is that developers use the provided Team Builder interface to to define teams - create agents, attach tools and models to agents, and define termination conditions. Once the team is defined, users can run the team in the Playground to interact with the team to accomplish tasks.

![AutoGen Studio](https://media.githubusercontent.com/media/microsoft/autogen/refs/heads/main/python/packages/autogen-studio/docs/ags_screen.png)

## Building an Agent Team

> AutoGen Studio is tied very closely with all of the component abstractions provided by AutoGen AgentChat. This includes - {py:class}`~autogen_agentchat.teams`, {py:class}`~autogen_agentchat.agents`, {py:class}`~autogen_core.models`, {py:class}`~autogen_core.tools`, {py:class}`~autogen_agentchat.base.TerminationCondition`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AutoGen Studio is tied very closely with all of the component abstractions provided by AutoGen AgentChat. This includes - {py:class}`~autogen_agentchat.teams`, {py:class}`~autogen_agentchat.agents`, {py:class}`~autogen_core.models`, {py:class}`~autogen_core.tools`, {py:class}`~autogen_agentchat.conditions`.
```
